Fellow countryman, your internal injuries are a bit serious, it's okay.
It's okay, Mr. Wook, please save my grandfather.
Don't worry, I'm here, your grandfather has work.
Zhang Xudong.
You really send such mystery.
My old problem.
Many doctors can do nothing.
I'm sorry.
With my current strength
Cannot cure you completely.
Your behavior though low
But your ex is fine.
Dr. Jia will definitely do something.
Do your best.
I also have a feeling.
I don't know if you agree.
Come on, what are you being polite to me about?
Say it.
I hope in the coming days
Can help me develop internal trade.
After the 7th I will go on a trip.
Diep Diep, do you want to go?
YES.
We should understand our family story.